Previously on Return.
Should we bury her in an isolated place?
You are under arrest for murdering and abandoning the body of Ms. Yum.
I will prove his innocence.
Did you confirm the body was his?
Do you really not want to find your son?
Who could it be?
Don't trust anyone.
You crazy fool.
Woo Suk, Sunshine Nursing Home?
I'm not selling the dash cam and the GPS. Take them out from my car.
I smell something awful.
Look at this punk.
(Episode 11)
Where to, sir?
Go straight for now, please.
Okay.
Please make a left turn at the intersection up ahead.
Sure.
- Stop. Stop. - What? All right?
I'll give you 10 dollars extra.
What? Why?
But you have to go when I say so.
Sure. As you please.
- Go. - Are you insane?
- Go. Go. - This is crazy.
- Do you know Sunshine Nursing Home? - Yes.
- Please take me there. - Okay.
Have a nice day!
(Sunshine Nursing Home)
This place is so worn out.
How did they get a permit to be a medical facility?
Ms. Choi?
Why are you here?
What...
is your deal?
What about you? How are you here?
What an amusing question.
Not "why", but "how" am I here?
You must be here for the same reason I am. Am I wrong?
Why don't you let go of me first?
Fine. I'll ask first.
How are you here?
Well...
(Woo Suk, Sunshine Nursing Home)
I can't tell her about Dong Bae.
Can I assume you're in no position to say anything?
Gosh, that's a bit over the top.
The thing is...
Let's clear up the misunderstanding after your call.
Hello?
- How did it go? - Not yet.
- Where are you? - I'm...
going to stop by Mi Jung's bar.
Will you be okay?
If I keep making excuses, I won't get anything done.
I want to do my best.
I like that you're being strong.
When you get to Yum Mi Jung's wine bar,
get the list of regulars.
We need to keep our options open.
I'll call you. Okay.
You're more childish than you look.
Why?
I was just stretching. My hips are misaligned.
Why am I childish? What did I do?
- I was just curious. - Sure.
You know,
you have a way to offend people in a polite manner.
Sure.
Gosh. I get it now.
I get why you're still single, with your looks and success.
Your body temperature must be about 32°C.
What was that?
She looks as cold as ice.
Was she hurt?
(Setting Up)
Is it your first time here?
Yes.
We open at 8pm.
Yes, I know.
Ms. Yum...
I came to ask a few things about Yum Mi Jung.
I'm sorry, but we have nothing to say about that.
I'm Kang In Ho's...
wife.
I'm asking because I don't know.
Don't they give medical treatments in nursing homes?
How could a place like this perform medical treatments?
What are you doing?
You'll be embarrassed if you overreact like this.
You may be embarrassed if you are.
What is it?
(Kang Sul Jin)
Ms. Kang Sul Jin.
Hello. I have a question...
Do you have a room where you can see the lake?
I'd like to move my mother to a room like that.
Are you husband and wife?
- No. - Yes.
No.
I'm not sure if we have any vacant rooms.
You seem pretty high up here. Am I right?
May I ask for some help from such a beautiful lady?
I'm sure there must be one room.
There are three rooms with a view of the lake.
Room 202 is occupied,
and one is being renovated.
Would you like to take a look first?
Yes. May we take a look now?
- Sure. - Thank you.
What are you up to?
Seriously, how did you find this place?
I can't tell you now because I have a personal matter to resolve first.
What about you? How did you find this place?
I can't tell you because I can't trust you.
My goodness. Nothing is easy with her.
Sweetie.
- You came. - Yes.
Excuse me.
I'm sorry.
I must be in your way.
What is this wine fridge for?
We use that to keep wine...
for VIP customers.
I see. May I take a look?
Well, sure.
(Kang In Ho)
(Kim Jung Soo)
You shouldn't open this without permission.
I'm sorry.
You... You can't come in here.
My way.
He has finally lost it.
Salute.
I can't bear the sight of him.
I should cut off that jerk's arm.
That jerk got some nerve. Darn him.
I'm sorry.
You seem quite angry.
My gosh, what's the matter with you?
I almost ran you over.
Should I have just killed you?
No, I shouldn't, right?
If you die,
who's going to find cars for me?
Right?
Right.
If I die,
who will get you your cars?
But why are you empty-handed?
Where are my dash cam and GPS?
Oh, right.
"Oh, right?"
You crazy jerk.
If you didn't bring them, why did you want me to meet you here?
Why is that?
It's quiet here.
It's a great place to talk too.
And this place is even better...
to blackmail someone.
Look at me.
Are you high?
Stop talking nonsense.
I don't care how,
but you must bring them to me within 10 minutes.
Bring them to me now!
I told you that may prove difficult.
What?
Gosh, what a jerk.
Stop hitting me before I run out of patience.
Calm down.
Take a look at this.
You jerk.
What are you doing? Why aren't you helping?
Darn. Why is this thing to heavy?
- Hurry. - Why are you so quiet?
Come on. Hold it.
1, 2, 3.
Hey. What do we do now?
Should we dig a hole and bury it?
You crazy jerk.
[VIU Ver] E11 Return "Joon Hee is Alive"
-♥ Ruo Xi ♥-
Goodness.
You're a man. This video shouldn't scare you!
I didn't even mention Seo Joon Hee yet.
I had no idea that you guys were at each other's throat.
I'm serious.
I really didn't know.
Darn it!
Here's the thing. It was too easy...
to restore the deleted videos.
Korea is an IT powerhouse.
I worked so hard.
Hey.
You jerk.
I only let you have your ways until now. You jerk.
Get a grip, jerk. Don't you dare glare at me.
You jerk.
Hey, hey, hey! You jerk.
Look at you. Are you having fun now? Do you like it?
You've lost your senses. Stop glaring...
Jerk! You moron!
What a jerk.
You piece of trash. You lowlife.
You ungrateful punk!
You're no better than a bug, jerk!
Die. Die, you jerk.
Die, will you?
Die.
Die. Die.
Shot.
Byung Gi!
You should wake up now.
Do you think I came out here without a backup plan, you moron?
That's all right.
I can just kill you here.
Do you think so? You think you can do that?
I know that you have a nasty temper.
Do you think I came here without leaving any evidence?
I've been living the drama lately.
Hey, then let me tell you this at this point.
Hey, what is it that you want from me?
I know that you're scared, jerk.
Sure. I want you and Oh Tae Suk...
to pay me 1 million each. I want 2 million dollars in total.
You're scared now, aren't you?
You coward.
You're Oh Tae Suk's sidekick. I shouldn't be talking to you.
- I should call him myself. - My gosh.
Darn it.
- Hey. - You're hurting me! It hurts!
Hey.
Or call someone who can come up with the money.
You'll go down for this too.
- Do you think you'll get away? - Sure, sure.
- Sure. Okay. - Get your foot off my face.
We're not supposed to do this.
- Your call cannot be connected... - What should I do?
I... I can't let you take him like this.
Let me contact his guardian first.
You can take him then.
Show me his registration form for the facility.
- Sorry? - Or better yet,
I would like to see the permit for this nursing home.
Come here.
Okay.
Your cellphone.
Why... Why?
- Then I must see the permit. - Wait.
(Recent call history, 202's Guardian)
- "202's Guardian". - Oh, no. My goodness.
"0918".
0918.
(Dong Bae)
Let's go.
Yes, Mr. Seo.
Yes, I just put Seo Joon Hee in the ambulance.
If we leave for Daemyung Hospital now,
we'll be there within four hours at the latest. Okay.
Yes, I'll call you as soon as we arrive in Seoul.
Okay.
Gosh, we haven't even met before, but it's great to meet you, Mr. Seo.
- Where's your car? - Well,
as you can see, my arm was injured.
Then you can ride with me.
Can I?
We need to clear some things up too.
It's the car parked up front, right? The fancy one.
She's cold. So cold.
My gosh, she's cold.
My goodness.
Sir, we're going to follow you anyway,
but we might lose each other on the way.
So please take good care of him until you reach Daemyung Hospital.
Just a minute.
Excuse me, but...
please remove your mask.
Stop the car. Stop the car, you punk.
I told you to stop the car.
Hey, stop the car.
What's your problem? Are you insane?
Young!
I'm fine. Go after the ambulance. Hurry!
Okay. Then put out an APB for license plate 10G6770.
Okay. Okay.
(Stellarium Penthouse)
(Mr. Kim)
Are you sure you lost them?
Don't make any mistakes.
(Oh Tae Suk)
Hey. What happened with the dash cam and GPS memory?
Tae Suk.
How much did we pay for that Jules Rimet Trophy?
660,000 dollars.
It's enough to buy three Jules Rimet Trophies.
What gibberish is that?
Hey. We were threatened. He wants two million dollars.
(Ambulance)
How have you been?
I came to tell you something.
I thought you should know.
Joon Hee...
is alive.
Where...
Where did it all go wrong?
Why is this...
I'm sorry...
for making you see this.
I came to tell you that.
Are you leaving already?
(Gillim Labor)
What are you doing? That's not right!
Who are you?
- What? What are you... - You jerk.
Mr. Kim. You should've finished the job well.
Let me see. Let's see.
Darn it.
You're bleeding.
Does it hurt?
But how dare you look at me like that?
Why are you looking at me like that, you jerk?
Why you...
How dare you... How dare you glare at me?
I'm sorry.
My dog tends to bark.
(Episode 12 will air shortly.)